Bu obl! Jbj, guvf jnezhc punyyratr fher   jnf n ybg bs sha gb chg gbtrgure! V fbqrsvavgryl nofbyhgryl nyjnlf ybir gelvat   gb guvax hc arj naq vaabingvir guvatfgb qb jvgu gur irel onfvp, pbzzba naq   pynffvp PGS grpuavdhrf! Gur svefg cneg bslbhe synt vf synt{whyvhf_ naq gung vf n   terng fgneg ohg vg vf abg rirelguvatgung lbh jvyy arrq gb fbyir guvf punyyratr.   V qba'g yvxr gelvat gb uvqr naq frcnengr rnpu cneg bs gur synt. Gur frpbaq   cneg bs gur synt vf _va_n_ ohg lbh qbarrq whfg n yvggyr ovg zber. Jung rknpgyl   fubhyq jr vapyhqr urer gb gel naq znxrguvf svyyre grkg ybbx zber ratntvat naq   jbegujuvyr? Fubhyq jr nqq arjyvarf?Fubhyq jr nqq fcnprf naq gel naq znxr vg   flzzrgevpny? Ubj znal yvarf vf rabhtugb znxr guvf svyyre grkg ybbx oryvrinoyr? N   fbyvq fdhner bs yrggref jvguva n fvzcyr, zbabfcnpr-sbag grkg svyr ybbxf tbbq   rabhtu gb zr. Ner jr nyzbfg ng gurraq? Vg ybbxf yvxr vg! V ubcr vg vf tbbq.   Gur guveq cneg bs lbhe synt vf ersyrpgvba}naq ng guvf cbvag lbh fubhyq unir rirelguvat   gung lbh arrq gb fhozvg guvf synt sbecbvagf. Gur ortvaavat vf znexrq jvgu gur   synt cersvk naq gur bcravat pheyl oenpr,naq vg vapyhqrf Ratyvfu jbeqf frcnengrq ol   haqrefpberf, gb raq va n pybfvat pheyloenpr. Jbj! Abj GUNG vf n PGS! Jub xarj jr   pbhyq zvyx gur pnrfne pvcure gb guvfrkgrag?? Fbzrbar trg gung Whyvhf   Pnrfne thl n zrqny!


Oh boy! Wow, this warmup challenge sure   was a lot of fun to put together! I sodefinitely absolutely always love trying   to think up new and innovative thingsto do with the very basic, common and   classic CTF techniques! The first part ofyour flag is flag{julius_ and that is a   great start but it is not everythingthat you will need to solve this challenge.   I don't like trying to hide and separate each part of the flag. The second   part of the flag is _in_a_ but you doneed just a little bit more. What exactly   should we include here to try and makethis filler text look more engaging and   worthwhile? Should we add newlines?Should we add spaces and try and make it   symmetrical? How many lines is enoughto make this filler text look believable? A   solid square of letters within a simple, monospace-font text file looks good   enough to me. Are we almost at theend? It looks like it! I hope it is good.   The third part of your flag is reflection}and at this point you should have everything   that you need to submit this flag forpoints. The beginning is marked with the   flag prefix and the opening curly brace,and it includes English words separated by   underscores, to end in a closing curlybrace. Wow! Now THAT is a CTF! Who knew we   could milk the caesar cipher to thisextent?? Someone get that Julius   Caesar guy a medal!

flag{julius_in_a_reflection}